README.md, before:

# Docker Containers Plugin

SBT Plugin that adds tasks to manage Docker containers using images created by the [sbt-native-packager](http://www.scala-sbt.org/sbt-native-packager/) Docker packaging format.

Requires the [`docker`](http://docker.com) command-line tool to be on the path (although a future version may use the Docker REST API to make this unnecessary).

## Installation and Enabling

In `project/plugins.sbt`, add the following:

    addSbtPlugin("com.dwolla.sbt" % "docker-containers" % "1.0.3")

    libraryDependencies += "ch.qos.logback" % "logback-classic" % "1.1.3"
    resolvers += "artifactory" at "http://artifactory.dwolla.net:8081/artifactory/repo"

Then enable the plugin in `build.sbt`. For example:

    val app = (project in file(".")).enablePlugins(DockerContainerPlugin)

This will also enable `DockerPlugin` from [sbt-native-packager](http://www.scala-sbt.org/sbt-native-packager/).

## Available Settings

### `dockerContainerMemoryLimit`

    dockerContainerMemoryLimit := Option("192M")

Sets the memory limit for the container. Maps to the `--memory` Docker command line option. This value is typically set to some value marginally higher than the JVM’s max heap size, to account for the JVM’s overhead.

### Port Publishing

#### `dockerContainerPublishAllPorts`

    dockerContainerPublishAllPorts := true

When set to true, Docker will map any exposed ports not specifically assigned to a host port to ports in the ephemeral range. This maps to the `--publish-all` Docker command line option.

#### `dockerContainerPortPublishing`

    dockerContainerPortPublishing := Map(8080 → Option(4242), 7777 → AutoAssign)

Maps exposed container ports to either specific host ports, or `AutoAssign`, which indicates the port should be published on an ephemeral port. Each mapping corresponds to a `--publish {container}:{host}` Docker command line option.

In the given example, the container port `8080` will be published on host port `4242`, and the container port `7777` will be published on a randomly assigned ephemeral port.

### Container Name

    (name in createLocalDockerContainer) := normalizedName.value

The container name will be the normalized project name by default, but this can be overridden by setting `name in createLocalDockerContainer`.

## `docker:createLocal` Task

Uses the Docker image created by `docker:publishLocal` and creates a container configured as defined.

## `docker:runLocal ` Task

Runs the container created by `docker:createLocal`.

## `docker:clean` Task

Stops and removes the container and image created by the `docker:publishLocal` and `docker:createLocal` tasks.

Commit message:

add support for linked containers

README.md, after:

# Docker Containers Plugin

SBT Plugin that adds tasks to manage Docker containers using images created by the [sbt-native-packager](http://www.scala-sbt.org/sbt-native-packager/) Docker packaging format.

Requires the [`docker`](http://docker.com) command-line tool to be on the path (although a future version may use the Docker REST API to make this unnecessary).

## Installation and Enabling

In `project/plugins.sbt`, add the following:

    addSbtPlugin("com.dwolla.sbt" % "docker-containers" % "1.0.3")

    libraryDependencies += "ch.qos.logback" % "logback-classic" % "1.1.3"
    resolvers += "artifactory" at "http://artifactory.dwolla.net:8081/artifactory/repo"

Then enable the plugin in `build.sbt`. For example:

    val app = (project in file(".")).enablePlugins(DockerContainerPlugin)

This will also enable `DockerPlugin` from [sbt-native-packager](http://www.scala-sbt.org/sbt-native-packager/).

## Available Settings

### `dockerContainerMemoryLimit`

    dockerContainerMemoryLimit := Option("192M")

Sets the memory limit for the container. Maps to the `--memory` Docker command line option. This value is typically set to some value marginally higher than the JVM’s max heap size, to account for the JVM’s overhead.

### Port Publishing

#### `dockerContainerPublishAllPorts`

    dockerContainerPublishAllPorts := true

When set to true, Docker will map any exposed ports not specifically assigned to a host port to ports in the ephemeral range. This maps to the `--publish-all` Docker command line option.

#### `dockerContainerPortPublishing`

    dockerContainerPortPublishing := Map(8080 → Option(4242), 7777 → AutoAssign)

Maps exposed container ports to either specific host ports, or `AutoAssign`, which indicates the port should be published on an ephemeral port. Each mapping corresponds to a `--publish {container}:{host}` Docker command line option.

In the given example, the container port `8080` will be published on host port `4242`, and the container port `7777` will be published on a randomly assigned ephemeral port.

### Container Name

    (name in createLocalDockerContainer) := normalizedName.value

The container name will be the normalized project name by default, but this can be overridden by setting `name in createLocalDockerContainer`.

### Linked Containers

    dockerContainerLinks := Map("container-name" → "container-name")

Creates links from the new container to the specified container. The key side of the mapping is the actual container name, while the value side is the alias inside the new container. Typically, the alias matches the container name, but it can be different if needed.

Links can also be added using the syntax below:

    dockerContainerLinks += "container-name" → "container-name"
    dockerContainerLinks ++= Map("container-name" → "container-name", "container-two" → "container-two")

Both of these examples will append new linked containers to any previously established in the build definition.

## `docker:createLocal` Task

Uses the Docker image created by `docker:publishLocal` and creates a container configured as defined.

## `docker:runLocal ` Task

Runs the container created by `docker:createLocal`.

## `docker:clean` Task

Stops and removes the container and image created by the `docker:publishLocal` and `docker:createLocal` tasks.
